Violet: Greetings from the violet capsule.
A year, do you know what a year means...
Lime: Hello, hello, hello!
This is the lime capsule speaking.
Hello, hello, sorry for interrupting now,
but I'll take over the conversation right away because
we really don't have time to chat this time.
We need to discuss matters immediately.
And the matter is, in fact, serious.
We have a very serious problem,
or rather, YOU have a problem.
We here in the lime capsule are doing just fine.
Because we respect
the fundamental postulate of sustainability,
but what is going on with you, my friends?
After the previous video bridge,
where they talked about massive reproduction and
some completely insane "vivaversity,"
I got concerned. I asked the administrator
for data on how your capsules
are coping with such things,
And what came out? They can't cope at all.
So, I'll read it out:
In all three capsules except for the lime one,
the following deviations are observed:
Oxygen consumption is 0.55% higher than predicted.
In all three capsules, except for the lime one,
Energy consumption is 0.57% higher.
The amount of unprocessed waste is 0.61% higher,
and water consumption is 0.67% higher!
Why are you doing this? What's going on there?
Silver: Listen, boy, don't make a fuss there.
Half the things you brought up
don't apply to the silver capsule at all.
We meditated and breathed very slowly.
As for oxygen, we don't accept that.
And as for water, we don't wash dishes;
we lick them clean, and that's fine.
Nothing goes in there either.
Yes, well, I agree, we went a bit overboard with electricity.
It went overboard because not everyone
can meditate themselves into hibernation.
And then, we needed food for the winter, so we
fired up all the electric stoves here.
And it went a bit overboard there because damn beets.
And carrots take longer to boil than potatoes.
We put them in the soup pot,
and it went a bit overboard there, but
I can confidently tell you that
if we can meditate 70% of people to sleep,
well, why can't we, when bears and hedgehogs can?
like bears and hedgehogs can.
Then, we don't consume anything,
we breathe really slowly,
and we don't turn on any lights at all.
We generate surplus, and there's some for you too,
so you can turn into plants in your eco-bars.
What are you talking about...
Turquoise: Are you done with this speech yet?
Silver: I could go on!
Turquoise: No, thank you. First of all, lime,
what I hear is all some 0.00%.
That's the natural default, taken into account.
Silver: What default?!
Turquoise: Can you see what happens when you
stir up paranoia, that guy, his talk
never stops, he's getting himself all worked up
He's starting some...
Silver: Worked up? Speak so we can understand.
Turquoise: Please, darling, don't talk to me
about hibernation anymore.
It's the biggest nonsense I've
ever heard, seriously.
Guys, let's take our brains out of the plastic bag now.
Violet: I'm not a guy, you know!
Turquoise: We need to think about androidification,
compatibility with technology.
It's the next stage for humanity, isn't it?
Can we all please understand this now?
Lime: Can you, girl, understand for yourself
that you won't have any new stage soon?
You don't have any future
if you continue like this.
You say the numbers are at zero now,
We've been here for a whole year,
we have 20 more years ahead, what's next?
You understand, you're endangering people's lives.
Anyway, I have specific proposals for you.
Firstly: reduce the hours of illumination
to four per day.
This is entirely achievable.
Silver: Yes!
Lime: Secondly, reduce meal portions
by 5%, it's entirely doable.
And thirdly, limit the number of washes.
Entirely doable, we've done it here,
you can do it too.
And one more thing, very important.
Now, every day,
you'll report to me, give me your
data on how things are going there.
Clear, yes?
Turquoise: I'm sorry, I don't understand who
made your capsule captain.
Violet: Now, please be quiet!
All that comes out of your mouth is talk, right?
Silver, it's your mouth that's producing
this spoiled soup base.
Make sure you don't rot there yourselves.
And Turquoises, let me tell you,
Tinder has already been invented,
and what has it brought us?
Nothing! A bunch of sick people.
And Limes, look, you've gone
way too far here.
Are you coming to dictate to us?!
Everything is in order for us!
We have allocated a specific
amount of resources per person
based on their number of children.
Everything is very systematic.
We don't need anyone dictating to us.
Silver: Don't faint now!
Lime: Calm down!
I don't want anything supernatural,
I just want you to report to me every day.
Can you...
Hear me?